feat: add dynamic theme colors and attr_list support for paging (#21)
tuunit/mkdocs-drawio: documentation/docs/tests/code-blocks/index.md

# Code Blocks

> Diagrams are not rendered in code blocks. So you don't have to worry about the diagram being rendered in the code block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Diagrams are not rendered in code blocks. So you don't have to worry if you want to explain how to embed drawio diagrams in your own docs.
```
